#Mini Board 2

## What is Mini Board 2?

 MInIBoard 2 is a simple controller for Analog2.0.

! [doc / miniboard.jpg] (doc / miniboard.jpg)

It has the following functions.

--Connect to a lifeline cable to generate CV and Gate signals. CV and Gate output to the lifeline bus.
--CV and Gate are generated by MIDI signals input from the keyboard on the board or the MIDI connector.
  --Use the keyboard on the board to generate the CV on the octave specified by the octave switch. For example, if you specify “4” on the octave switch and press the A key, a CV equivalent to A4 will be generated.
  --Press and hold the function switch for 1 second to output a 440 Hz reference tone from the speaker. To stop the reference tone, press and hold the function switch again for 1 second.
--The behavior when generating CV and Gate signals from MIDI is as follows.
  --Monophonic. If multiple note ONs are input at the same time, the treble will be given priority.
  --When multiple note ONs are input, retrigger is not performed for the second and subsequent ONs.
  --Recognize MIDI pitch bend messages and change the CV.

## circuit diagram

[doc / miniboard_schematic.pdf] (doc / miniboard_schematic.pdf)
! [miniboard_sch.png] (miniboard_sch.png)

## Parts list

[miniboard_parts_list.md] (miniboard_parts_list.md)

## Firmware

To run MiniBoard 2, you need to write the firmware to the AVR microprocessor ATTiny2313.

For instructions on how to write the firmware, see the firmware description page (doc / Firmware.md).

Latest pre-built firmware: [firmware / releases / miniboard_20210113.zip] (firmware / releases / miniboard_20210113.zip)